Let's go back here.
And, what I'm gonna do is,
I'm gonna put using ng-template,
elseBlock, and I'll explain
what this is in just a moment.
And so, in here we'll go select a lesson.
And then I believe it is elseBlock.
So let's just see this in action and
then I can explain what is happening.
So, now notice it's saying
current lesson does not exist.
So, instead I'm going to show
what's in the template here.
And then you select it, and it shows it.
So, there's an interesting piece
here that I wanna call out.
And it's this right here,
what does this hashtag mean?
Well, this is essentially a way to
declare a local template variable.
And so by calling or creating this,
I can now reference this DOM
element in the rest of my template.
So I'm saying ngIf current lesson
show this else, render elseBlock.
Well what is elseBlock?
Well, in this case because we're
using a local template variable,
is we're saying,
I want to create this DOM element and
I want to assign it this
variable elseBlock and show this.
One other thing, since we're here is,
you may have noticed this asterisk.
And the reason why this exist
is this is some sugar for
what is happening under the hood.
So under the hood,
Angular is actually generating
some additional code that
you could if you wanted,
you could do this longhand.
But by using the asterisk,
you're simply signifying, like hey,
this directive is going to be modifying
the DOM, go ahead and do it for me.
Let me see if I can find that real quick.
And I think I actually just saw it.
NgIf, And if they talk about it,
great, if not,
I'm not going to worry about it too much.
Yeah, so the shorthand syntax is here.
But what really is happening is under the
hood is generating all these ng templates,
which, I don't know why anybody
would really wanna do that by hand.
And now what's interesting as well is
under the hood, what's happening here?
It's just property binding.
So, again, as you just start to kinda
poke around in the docs, all the sudden,
things kinda started like, I see how
they're using this over here to do this.
And so that's where that's coming from.
So, we have ngIf and
if current lesson is not known,
we're going to render
it else the elseBlock.
Now we're just gonna dump it in, and then
the elseBlock is just select a lesson.